Hegar is welcome back.
OK so this section we're talking about Instagram stories now.
Not familiar with them.
They are these little portrait sized clips that run on each person's account and they're basically stolen
from snapchat.
That's prolly the best way I can say it.
So they typically look like this.
Usually when you log in you'll see them right at the top and depending on who you follow and whose stories
you watch it will be automatically categorized based on who and scram things you like.
So if I were to watch Sky's story you just click it and you can see that while he's probably talking
if I click it I can move on to the next one now.
The next person moving on.
And this is essentially how it works.
Now the idea behind stories are that they're ephemeral content meaning that they only last 24 hours.
And because of that it means that the production standards or the production requirements for these
are much lower.
And the reason why Instagram roll this out is because what they call Bora-Bora or bust.
Now what they mean is traditionally before they only had post-ride and a screen was a place for people
to post whatever the best photos they had were.
So they're having this problem where people weren't posting very often.
And part of the reason was because Bora-Bora or bust they only wanted to post the best possible like
filming and Bora-Bora or nothing at all.
Right.
Because these are permanent posts.
It can be kind of challenging if you've set a standard too high and then all of a sudden you can only
meet that standard once or twice a week.
So they introduce stories and these are directly ripped off from Snap Chat.
But they're the automatically disappear every 24 hours so it's much easier to film say like behind the
scenes cuts to put something up with a quick message to your followers that isn't perfectly put together
or well-designed.
You can use it for a lot of different things.
They also will use it a lot of times for promotions.
So it might be tacky to put a promotion and the actual post permanently but they can throw something
up very easily for a 24 hour post.
It's really easy to use.
Now the actual technicalities of how this works are pretty simple.
Each individual story is limited at about 15 seconds.
Now if you have a video that you want to have longer than 15 seconds at the current moment 15 is the
limit.
But there's an app called Cut story what that will do is it'll help you say cut up a 45 second video
into three separate segments automatically for you so that you can display one big long one in continuity.
Now there is no limit currently to how many stories you can upload.
You'll notice this when you go to stories sometimes you'll see at the very top that there's a bar and
that's a progress bar to show you how far along that video or the story you're watching.
But you'll notice that some of them have breaks in them and that means they've uploaded multiple stories
every time I click.
I go to the next story now the way that people interact with them isn't immediately obvious.
So if you want to go forward you just click in the middle.
Right now I skip to the next story and you can see this person has three stories.
But if I want to go back I click over on the left side and it goes back to the one before it.
Then what they have is a bunch of basically really simple stuff.
So if I wanted to send someone a message based on this story like I say they posted something to a product
are really interested in I could message him saying hey I'm interested in that product.
The button right here that shows a paper airplane.
You use this to spin stories to someone else so a lot of times and you post a story.
You can go and click that and then send it to say some of your top followers or someone who maybe you
know specifically would be interested in this is a great way for people to share stories with their
friends that they found and they think are relevant now stories show up pretty much everywhere normal
post show up right here obviously right when you log in you'll have them right there.
Now stories are hidden pretty much all over the app sometimes and you search and explore page they'll
put stories mixed in with the photos or at the top sometimes if you add a hash tags they'll put them
at the top of the top stories.
But it kind of depends.
So sometimes Hashtags don't have enough stories that have been tagged this way.
So they're not going to put them at the top.
Sometimes they do just kind of depends on the size.
You will notice stories if you go to like search and go to places.
And so like I said near a current location say I'm in London I'm not up here.
You'll notice that this circle with a ring around it looks like a story.
So if I click that I can actually see the most popular stories that have been tagged with London.
So this is an interesting way to find people who post content based on that hash tag.
OK the point though here is that stories are pretty much being added everywhere.
They're really easy to make.
They're really easy to consume and for the most part the appetite for stories has not really reached
its peak it looks like it's a very very popular thing.
So expect to see these in a lot of different places.
No last thing you'll notice with stories when you make your own stories is if you go to your account
and click on your name you'll see right there that these are the stories that I've been sharing and
I can actually scroll up and have analytics for each one so we can show me how many people interacted
with it.
How many people watched it.
Where are the people who watched it came from.
So a lot of times I get new people typically stories just go to people who are following me.
But if I have I tagged them with the location or hash tag oftentimes they'll get new people and I can
just go through and then look at stats on which ones have performed well say versus other ones and I
don't even save them if I want to repost it later or if I want to say create a new post based on my
story.
All right guys in the next picture we're going to talk a little bit about the strategy of stories or
at least what I think of them.
And then we'll go through the nitty gritty of how to post them and then we'll look at how we've been
handling stories for innovation station.
All right.
See you then.